one of icsis research groups at berkley met to discuss progress on the current project a tourism based dialogue system the small group had visual aids which assisted their discussion they have conducted the first test with a human playing the part of both automated and human operator which provided valuable feedback they discussed the development of the belief network that will be behind the system they touched on representation ontology interaction and the desire for a generalised system they also talked about upcoming meetings with people from different groups and how they could benefit the girl who played the system in the first test should be hired to do it permanently when developing the bayesnet the group have to be mind full of a potential combinatoric explosion the first wizard test has been completed me003 has been working on developing the bayesnet 
the icsi group working on a tourism dialogue manager met with visitors from the group behind the software they are using the basic aim of the meeting was to discuss the development of the tool and explain the groups application of it the system is to be used to create and deliver route plans but will need to be able to come back and ask for further information they discussed with their visitors where this application fits into the original system they also discussed where the system was going and arranged another meeting to discuss at greater length me010 has reservation about the system developers approach to dialogue planning and mn015 will take those concerns to a higher level mn048 will investigate if changing the name of the action planner is possible the name of the dialogue planner action planner makes discussion confusing for the group since they also require and action planner the visitors are helping to set up a working version of their software and aim to have fully working version ready for the end of the week 
the tourist dialogue system group of icsi met with the sole purpose of discussing one members thesis proposal and upcoming presentation mn015 ran the group through the basic contents of his talk and proposal and is looking for some feedback the group suggested subjects he might add to his talk but some he was uncomfortable talking about there was one particular aspect metaphor representation that was considered important for addition mn015 wanted a good example that highlighted the groups work and the group discussed various possibilities speaker fe004 has made some changes and will mail mn015 with the revisions the group will give mn015 feedback electronically the group were unable to come up with a good example for use in mn015s upcoming talk 
a large part of the discussion centred around ways to get more data the main source of this would be to get different groups to have meetings in the recording room there are groups willing to do this and some who arent it might be possible to hold discussions so long as they were not too artificial it may also be possible to get local radio shows to provide data a number of issues also arose from discussion of one members work on identifying overlapping speech events these included observing that the different mikes produce different signals which is necessary for studying different phenomena and a discussion of why he is using hand coding rather than automatic methods currently the group has decided not to perform block echo cancellation on their data to deal with features and approaches that would be robust for a recogniser one member of the group believes they really should consider this they also discussed the idea of a colleague who is studying inference structures using their data the sidetrack discussion on the legal implications of the use of names was delayed until another time it was decided that progress on the marking of overlaps would be increased if focus was kept on the events of interest rather than all possible events as was unecessarily being marked the group members will continue discussion with other colleagues regarding their holding meetings in the recording room one member of the group has previous experience with energy detectors using median filters to help with overlap detection and will attempt to recall his past work in relation to the groups current needs another member wishes the group to reconsider the party line that they wont do any block echo cancellation the person responsible for the acoustics on the project will be responsible for the digit taks one problem some of the group members are having is with mentioning peoples names they not are not entirely aware of the legal ramifications of this they are aware that they are being sensitive to this and no saying peoples names thus perhaps acting falsely not mentioning names may also be a problem when it comes to any form of indexing with too many pronouns to keep track of people need to be aware of what they want their data to contain because different mikes provide different signals so it can be a problem if you are unaware of this getting nongroup subjects to have meetings is a problem both getting them to the site and the infrequency that their meetings would be held so far the group has accumulated 1213 hours of data with 45 minutes of it having been transcribed they are almost ready to send a further 10 hours to ibm for transcription one member of the group has started work with the first transcribed 45 minutes to look at overlapping events the original transcription indicated approximately 300 of these events so far in 12 hours of work he has more strictly coded 12 minutes in that 12 minutes he has identified over 1000 nonspeech events the individual interested in using the data for his work is currently looking through it to see if he can use it and he will get back to the group the recording consent form is currently being revised and it will be valid for a certain number of meetings 
the meeting at berkley was of icsis group concerned with recognition of recorded meeting data the two main topics of conversation were adaptation within digit recognition and alignment within the larger vocabulary meeting recognition the group discussed issues of different microphones changing to using a new system and whether people were making eurospeech submissions they talked about adaption models issues of multiple speakers and they feel they lack data per speaker on alignment they were concerned over matters of background and foreground speech though they have identified common errors by looking more closely at the waves they also discussed plans for an up coming group meeting most people have given up on submissions to eurospeech because the deadline was moved forward this year it has been found that lowering the pruning level actually improves performance on the meeting recognition it appears that most backchannels are created by someone who has asked a question while it is being answered 
the icsi meeting recorder group met once more to discuss their recent progress in various projects as well as discuss some of the issues that have arisen in the last week there has been further work on voicedunvoiced detection along with spectral subtraction the group discussed one members attendance at a conference and another groups code which is proving hard to follow in trying to understand france telecoms code there does not appear to be a reason for a particular constant value speaker fn002 reported on her work with mn007 who was absent attending a conference they have been working on voicedunvoiced detection and have tried two different configuration of mlp although results have not been improved greatly she has also begun looking at france telecoms recogniser code speaker me006 has been coming up with tests for his work using acoustic events speaker me018 is investigating differences in another system and feels it maybe down to bugs speaker me026 has made real progress on his spectral subtraction work with an implementation and early results 
